kamandra is a prosperous land rampaged
by the droon
evil spirits that petrify people and
multiply after absorbing their life
force
the dragons of kamandra used their
remaining magic to create an orb to ward
off the droon and revive everyone
but end up turning to stone themselves
a power struggle for the orb divides the
kamandra people into tribes
based on their placement along a giant
river that resembles a dragon
fang heart spine talon and tail
500 years later chief benja of the heart
tribe has been training his daughter
raya to guard the orb while firmly
believing that the tribes will be united
once again
during a feast among the five tribes
raya befriends the daughter of chief
varana of the fang tribe
namari and shows her the location of the
orb
when the fang tribe makes an attempt to
steal it a fight breaks out among the
tribes
resulting in the orbs destruction the
drones suddenly reappear as each of the
tribes steal a piece
with benja among the casualties
for the next six years raya attempts to
find sisu
a dragon said to have created the orb
and the only surviving member of her
species
to help her recover the missing orb
pieces
while in the tail tribe's former
territory she finally manages to summon
sisu
who admits that she did not create the
orb but can use its powers
they recover the second piece in a
ruined tail temple
granting sisu shape-shifting powers
they have a hostile encounter with
namari and her tribe
but young entrepreneur bone who had lost
his family to the drone
helps them escape despite bones
friendliness
raya does not fully trust him
they arrive at talon to claim the third
orb piece during which raya encounters
khan baby little noy and her trio of
monkey-like companions
the angus who adopted her after the
droon killed her mother
after a chase raya takes her in while
sisu goes into town and encounters
talon's chieftais
who threatens her raya rescues sisu and
reclaims the third piece
which allows sisu to spew out fog
the group arrives at spine where raya
and sisu meet
tong a fearsome warrior and the
village's sole survivor
the rest of the group catches up to warn
them of namari's arrival
raya holds her off in a fight while the
others escape
with sisu assisting her
at the boat raya tells the truth about
sisu to her party and they agree to work
together
with tong handing spines or peace to
sisu giving her the power over rain
as they get closer to fang sisu suggests
asking for the final piece rather than
stealing it
when raya refuses sisu takes her back to
the remains of the heart and tells of
how she was trusted by her siblings to
save kamandra
raya relents and decides to give namari
the dragon pendant as a piece offering
to complete her quest
raya and sisu meet privately with namari
but upon seeing the orb pieces
namari threatens them sisu tries to talk
her down
but gets unintentionally shot by namari
and falls into a river
which begins to dry up
fang is attacked by the drone as raya
enters to confront namari
who is mourning the loss of her mother
the two fight while raya's companions
rescue the people from the drone
raya prepares to kill namari but after
seeing her remorse
they run to help her friends instead
as the droon advance toward raya's group
raya tells them that they need to
reassemble the orb
but her friends refuse to forgive namari
to show her faith raya gives namari her
peace and allows the drone to take her
the rest follow suit with namari fixing
the orb before the drone take her
with the orb reassembled the drooner
vanquished and everyone is brought back
to life
including sisu and the other dragons
[Music]
everyone is now able to reunite with
their lost loved ones
including raya and her father the
dragons and the tribes gather at heart
to celebrate and join together to form
kamandra once again
you